I made that serve serve all kinds of
clients we deliver supplies to retailers
a lot of hardware in the building and
furniture industry all kinds of interior
wellness and sports tickets everyday
about 15,000 products leave our factory
the nice thing about aluminum is that
you can well this you can bend it you
can cost it you can do everything with
it and it's light material and we can
reuse it very easily now we start
looking into robotics because we got
mass production series of 2 million
pieces and well there's a large
competitive issue although we're very a
very mass production type of Industry we
start with creative thinking when we
calculate the improvement of the
production it's around 20 to 25 percent
maybe 30 percent the efficiency is have
increased now one guy is running two
cells together with a robot before they
were using two guys to run two cells
later on we found out that their elbows
can help us to get a higher quality and
have a stable production the costing of
this type of process is very important
that you have a qualified operator to do
the costing movements and to reproduce
it every time at the same way with the
robot you are more independent of the
people there all were doing exactly the
same every time
one of the most difficult part was the
people who was working before by him
because they feel some kind of
competition with the robot and they know
their process was very difficult so they
say you can never do it with a robot as
soon as people get measured they think
oh that's gonna happen with my job and
then we say well we want to produce more
with the same group better with the same
group higher quality with same group and
when you feel good that's okay
you feel good it's then then your
production process is better so our
illness rate is going down like it's
almost zero they're happy and happy
people produce beautiful products
actually from the beginning we put it in
production I saw the changement of the
people and that was a very nice
experience for me as well because
programming is not a problem but winning
the the fate of the people that's very
important that they have faded and I
think that's also the people must
believe in the robot otherwise it never
can be a success
from my point of view a will be is the
best especially the software
environments the the user-friendly Ness
of making the program but help make the
intervention with the operator ABB is
far away the best in our philosophy we
put in specialists and what we see is
that we've got a to be robotics as a
very well founded company who delivers
and supplies robots for years and years
so there's a huge experience and we've
got robots who implemented the rubbles
so we gots to specialists combined with
our specialism and when two minds cross
and have a click then extra energy comes
in so that's nothing that's innovation
it's creative